Added GitHub module (#3790)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/github/monitoring-github-activity.rst

This Wazuh module allows you to collect all the logs from GitHub using its API:

.. code-block:: xml

    GET /orgs/{org}/audit-log

GitHub API description can be found in this `link <https://docs.github.com/en/rest>`_.

.. note::

    To access Git events in the **audit log**, you must use the audit log REST API. The audit log REST API is available for users of GitHub Enterprise Cloud only.

GitHub requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For **Wazuh** to successfully connect to the **GitHub API**, an authentication process is required. To do this, we must provide the name of the organization on Github and personal access tokens.
The Personal Access Tokens (PATs) are an alternative to using passwords for authentication on GitHub when using the GitHub API.

.. note::

    To use this endpoint, you must be an organization owner, and you must use an access token with the ``admin:org`` scope.

`Click here <https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token#creating-a-token>`_ to learn how to create one.

Wazuh configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Next will see the options we have to configure for the Wazuh integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we will see the options we have to configure for the Wazuh integration.
```

> github configuration

Reviewer: Remove this subtitle.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Proceed to configure the ``github`` module in the Wazuh manager. We will use the data that we took previously as the **organization name and the PATs**. Through the following configuration, Wazuh is ready to search for logs created by GitHub Audit-log. In this case, we will search only the type of ``git`` events with an interval of ``10m``. Those logs will be only those that were created after the Wazuh modules were started and that does not run on start:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proceed to configure the ``github`` module in the Wazuh manager. We will use the data that we took previously as the **organization name** and the **PATs**. Through the following configuration, Wazuh is ready to search for logs created by GitHub audit-log. In this case, we will search only the type of ``git`` events within an interval of ``10m``. Those logs will be only those that were created after the module was started:
```

.. code-block:: xml

    <github>
        <enabled>yes</enabled>
        <run_on_start>yes</run_on_start>
        <interval>10m</interval>
        <time_delay>1s</time_delay>
        <only_future_events>yes</only_future_events>
        <api_auth>
            <org_name>insert_organization_name</org_name>
            <api_token>insert_personal_access_token</api_token>
        </api_auth>
        <api_parameters>

>             <event_type>all</event_type>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <event_type>git</event_type>
```
